[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[dolimed.admin]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/admin.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/admin.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.agenda]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/agenda.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/agenda.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.banks]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/banks.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/banks.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.boxes]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/boxes.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/boxes.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.cabinetmed]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/cabinetmed.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/cabinetmed.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.cashdesk]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/cashdesk.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/cashdesk.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.categories]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/categories.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/categories.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.commercial]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/commercial.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/commercial.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.companies]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/companies.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/companies.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.compta]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/compta.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/compta.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.errors]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/errors.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/errors.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.install]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/install.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/install.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.interventions]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/interventions.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/interventions.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.mails]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/mails.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/mails.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.main]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/main.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/main.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.members]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/members.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/members.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.other]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/other.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/other.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.projects]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/projects.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/projects.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.users]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/users.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/users.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[dolimed.withdrawals]
file_filter = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/<lang>/withdrawals.lang
source_file = htdocs/cabinetmed/langs/en_US/withdrawals.lang
source_lang = en_US
type = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

